ISPN-13236 Spring docs: revision for style, structure, and accuracy (#9834)
infinispan/infinispan: documentation/src/main/asciidoc/stories/assembly_spring_cache_sessions.adoc

[id='spring-cache']
:context: spring-cache
= Using {brandname} as a Spring cache provider

> Add {brandname} to enable caching in your Spring application.
> You can embed {brandname} in your application or you can connect to the {brandname} Server and
> and use the remote caching.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add {brandname} dependencies to your application and use Spring Cache annotations to store data in embedded or remote caches.
```
